Job hunting
	Searching for a job is can be a difficult thing to do, if you don't have experience on doing that. 
You will turn down for jobs, if you don't know how to prepare or tips for it. Here are the strategies and tips to get a job that you desired easier.
 	1. Checking your material and know what you good at.
	In this step, you need to know about your skills, interests, experience and the desired career. After your self assessment, mark a detailed list about it. It will help you easier to get an option to choose the right industry and the right career option within the industry you want that match your skills and interests.
	2. Searching for your career option
	After you did identify your skills, then research the job markets or use the job search engines to finds job posting by using keywords that match your skills and location where you want to work. You can use job search engines websites such as Camhr, Bong thom and other more. It will help you save a lot of time.
	3. Expend your network with other  in the industry
	If you can not find the job that you want online, you still have other options. Network is still the one of best option the way most people find jobs. Because only 20% of all available job are posted online and remaining 80% are never posted, they are filled through network or word-of-mouth. So you must connect with everyone you know that you have work in the industry and keep in touch with them. Ask them to keep their eyes on any opportunities for you.
	4. Get your career documents ready
	Make sure your resume, cover letters and other required document are all ready to go. And you want to be able to quickly customize each document if needed and send it quickly, in case you forget it or have mistakes on that documents such as spelling error, grammatical errors.
	-Always make sure your resume and cover letter is up to date all the time
	5. Prepare for interviews
	Prepare job interview questions is essential because it whether make you get a job offer or not. Take the time to prepare for the common interview questions, research about company that you are going to have interview before you go for the interview, make sure dress appropriately, and be confident to impress the interviewer with your skills, experience and expertise.